B2B marketing metrics that actually
[Music]
matter welcome back to a fresh episode
of Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past podcast episodes if you
want to try out our week daily emails or
apply to work with head over to Breaking
bb.com so today I'm joined by the cash
cik the cash is the head of marketing
over at Revenue hero we're going to be
diving into the importance of metrics
and measurements when it comes to your
B2B marketing the key metrics you need
to keep a tight grip on mqls sqls broken
down we talk about using data over your
emotion making sure your website
provides a seamless experience to
actually convert those hardend traffic
into leads what's working for Vash right
now from B2B marketing and much much
more so with that welcome to the show
Vash how are you I'm good thanks for
having me Sam uh man I I really need
your energy I don't know what what what
you have but it's crazy I don't know
where it's come from I think I've done
three podcasts so far today but I've
just had a Diet Coke because I often do
before a show it's G me that little hit
I need to talk B2B marketing so we never
beat around the bush on this show of
cash let's dive straight in what is the
importance from a B2B marketing
perspective when it comes to measuring
our
activity I mean like uh it's it's crazy
right like uh the last couple of years
has been super crazy for B2B um like uh
raising funds is now like super hard uh
just everybody wants to now um be like
hey if if I'm going to run an experiment
I want to know what the I for that is
right like it's no longer like hey I'm
going to do this fluffy thing uh uh it's
not like you're going to go pitch this
and you're going to get an approv for
that immediately people want to know uh
okay if you're going to run this
experiment why are we doing it uh uh
will we get any pipeline from it all
that stuff so it's it's definitely
getting super hard uh from that
perspective so um so you need to be able
to uh show show to your manager or the
board and all the stuff U like why
you're doing something and whatever
you're doing what kind of impact is that
having on the bottom line right like the
pipeline how much revenue is marketing
generating right um all that stuff so
it's just become like super critical in
today's uh world yeah yeah yeah I'm
guessing like since whenever it was
around 2020 or so when it just became a
lot harder like you mentioned to get
access to funding especially in the SAS
and Tech World almost every dollar or
pound when it comes to getting marketing
Buy in or add buying from your exec team
the owners the founders whoever is
responsible for that Revenue
distribution is a lot more difficult
than it was there a few years ago so I
guess like you said proving that it's
going to drive a return is crucial so
we'll talk about that a bit more in a
sec but from a high level as
a marketer at a B2B company or perhaps a
Founder if you're running a smaller
business be it bootstrapped or similar
what are some of the key metrics for
cash that you recommend that we keep a
tight eye
on I think um I I come from a school of
marketing where like if you're not
helping sales uh when deals and close uh
close more deals and V uh Revenue um you
you you need to sort of like make sure
like you're actually doing that right
like that's that's like super critical
because at the end of the day uh every
all that your CEO cares about your
Founders care about your board uh
everybody all they care about is like
how much are you making right so uh the
kind of metrics that I typically track
are you have your usual suspects right
like you track your mq you track your
skills your op uh your win rates and all
the stuff right like I think uh going
that one step uh above over there right
so for example if you can start tracking
uh things like your sales Cycles right
like uh split them by channels right uh
you have multiple channels you're
running campaigns across channels uh
what kind of sales Cycles are you seeing
in a specific channel right uh maybe
certain channels are have like uh super
fast sales Cycles if if there is
opportunity for you to uh you know uh
scale that up you should be able to do
that right like because you have faster
sales Cycles there and especially if
you're winning more deals over there why
won't you spend more there right like
why won't you ramp up over there right
so uh that's the very high level uh
metrics right uh obviously then you want
to go a little bit deeper right like so
what sort of conversion dates are we
seeing from each stage to uh one stage
to another right like so what's your
conversion date from mql to SQL SQL to
off off to close one all that good stuff
and uh what kind of pipeline is each
channel uh each campaign driving for you
right because that sort of helps you
take a Deion on uh uh whether if if a
specific Channel if you if you should
continue to invest in specific Channel
or campaigns right uh and finally the
the big big one like what's your cost to
acquire a customer right if if your C is
like super high right um I don't know if
it's like 10 10 10 10,000 uh uh dollars
but your ACV is like super small um then
you're you're actually losing out uh
you're spending a ton of money but
you're not making a lot uh over there so
that's like super critical as well got
it cool all right let's dive into that
in a bit of depth so high level we want
to help sales win Revenue makes sense we
want to support our Sal guys get deals
over the line so everyone's happy so
mqls sqls win rates so marketing
qualified leads sales qualified leads
win rates from everyone's got their own
point of view of what an mql SQL is have
you watch your definition over at
Revenue here so we have this uh slightly
different take over here uh we do not uh
count your newsletter subscribers your
uh people who attend webinars those sort
of folks as uh
uh over here at Revenue hero uh the
thought process is also that the more
stricter your definition of mql is uh
the better it is for you uh down the
line because it helps increase your mql
to close to one conversion trade I'll
get to I get get to that a little bit
later on why that is like super critical
as well right uh but to your question on
like how we Define mql it's anyone who
raises their hand saying that hey I want
a demo
right and they have to be an ICP right
they they have to fit into our ICP Cate
category right if these two uh are are
fed they have to raise their hand and
say Hey I want a demo right that's like
super critical and they have to be an I
fed for us only then there would be an
mql for us only then marketing says hey
these folks who just raiseed their hands
saying that I want to demo they are
marketing qualifi Le that's our
definition over here
got it so on the mql they've got to fit
your idle client profile to be class as
mql is there anything you do like behind
the scenes to actually kind of
pre-qualify
that yeah so uh when when folks request
to demo on on our website today on our
website uh you know across channels um
so we have uh based on the form values
uh you know that uh that they've entered
we we qualify them based on that right
so for example at Reven hero we work
really well uh if if you're using uh a
HubSpot Salesforce
orcm so we ask that on the form directly
and and if if they fit if they check one
of those things uh that will be a fit
for us and we'll also check uh what sort
of uh um know like what sort of company
uh is coming in the question demo right
so that we haven't automated
uh today yet I think we'll get to that a
little bit uh in a little bit uh today
it's it's it's man that part our sales
STS uh you know check out their LinkedIn
uh profile and all the stuff see if
these folks are uh you
know are a reasonable size company uh
all that stuff and then we get on the
call uh to to discuss more cor but
there's like there's like a ton of tools
for you to automate that that part as
well right like you have clear you have
zoom info I think Apollo also now does a
bunch of inment so it's like a ton of
tools way to automate that side of
things as well got it okay so there's a
bit of pre-qualifying on the calendar
booking tool so they can kind of specify
in your case what CRM they're using so
if it's actually going to fit with your
technology or likewise depending on what
you offer your service or your your
product you could have some
pre-qualifiers within that to make sure
that Prospect that's getting in touch
actually is a relevant fit nice and mql
what was your guys definition for
SQL so um the meeting has to happen um
uh meeting needs to get booked and
meeting has to happen uh once the first
uh call happens and on the call when the
sales shs uh uh you know identify that
hey this Prospect has a pain uh they
they they are uh you know serious about
uh solving this problem so that's when
we say okay hey the meeting has happen
so they they are qualified by the sales
team as well so yeah got it nice so
they've had the meeting and they've been
qualified by a sales rep on that call so
sales Cycles via Channel you mentioned
you're splitting that up I'm guessing in
your case via a range of different paid
channels or whatever marketing channels
you you've got in the flow when it comes
to actually defining that cycle is there
I'm guessing some can be automated
some's manual from the sales team some's
from your end like how do how do you
break that down so it's it's actually
clear and it's well defined yeah so it's
basically like how long uh are your
prospects in in that sales cycle right
like from from the first meeting till uh
the the dealers one right so um you have
the first meeting say on Jan 1st and if
you're closing the deal on on Jan 30th
that's like 30day Sal cyle so that's
that's how we calculate it um and now
you you look at what sort of sales cyles
you have uh uh you know based on each
channel right so it's not just paid as
well right uh like if if people are
coming in organically and just uh people
are coming in organically and requesting
a demo from there like what what sort of
sales Cycles are we seeing there uh if
people are coming through referrals if
they're coming through Affiliates what
sort of sales Cycles are we seeing there
if if there's uh super fast sales Cycles
in this one particular channel is there
opportunity for us to uh can we scale
that channel right the next question is
now okay hey there's like we are winning
deals over here great and the sales
Cycles are like super fast right so for
example maybe um uh organic as a channel
takes a lot of time probably I don't
know 45 days right uh but your
Affiliates or Partnerships uh when when
deals come through those channels it's
probably just 18 days now can you so you
are winning deals through Affiliates and
through Partnerships and your sales vles
are super
short now the question is can you double
that can you can you double down on that
uh scale that as a channel and win more
deals because and and it's also super
fast right so if the sales Cycles are
also super fast that means you're making
more Revenue uh in a quarter in a month
so that's that's how I think about it
got it how do you assess that if you got
a process for your team whether
something is scalable something is not
scalable or whether it's worth kind of
even continuing
with yeah so I think um with with
certain channels it's like super easy
right um if you take uh paid as a
channel right um you know you're going
after certain set of keywords you know
there's only so so much amount of uh
search volume over there uh so you can
easily backtrack and say like okay hey I
know we are winning X number of deals
from this uh PPC campaigns right um and
there's like like only 10,000 search
volume on this set of keywords um so now
you can see okay if that's the search
volume there how how many clicks am I
getting uh from the clicks what's a
conversion dat on the page and on the
page to uh what's your mql M SQL and so
on and so forth right so it's it's it's
relatively easy when it comes to uh
certain channels like Google ads and
that sort of stuff
but uh the other channels right like for
example we we sponsoring uh this podcast
podcast uh
sponsorships communities those channels
are like super hard right um uh I think
probably the easiest way uh I think it's
also uh uh it's also super important for
you to uh make up your mind why you're
uh going through this channel right like
because some channels right like for
example communities you might not get
direct pipeline from there but you might
have a lot of people talking about you
in that Community right that is also
super helpful right uh so you need to
figure out like why are you investing in
that channel is it is it purely from a
brand perspective or is it from hey you
are expecting pipeline from here so the
the that is like super critical for you
to like Define early on and once you
have that figured out then it becomes a
lot easier right um so sponsorships and
communities uh if it is a brand
perspective
you're taking a brand uh perspective to
those channels then now it's about okay
hey uh are people uh saying that they
heard about us uh either on the sales
calls or if you have a separate uh you
know field on your form asking your
prospects like hey where did you hear
about us and are they saying that hey I
saw you folks being mentioned on this
community I saw you were mentioned on
LinkedIn by this person uh that I trust
so much uh right so that's the uh that's
how you you have to sort of like track
that
bit it's not I know it's not very uh as
scientific as say probably Google ads uh
and all that but um I think that's
that's probably the best uh way I've
managed to do it so far uh and and by no
means I've managed to crack it either
it's still like super hard there there's
a lot of manual effort over there so
it's like super labor intensive as well
yeah I mean brand like you say is always
hard to track right so I think you've
mentioned like doing the right thing so
if you've got like a how did you hear
about us field in your calendar tool
booking or if you if your reps are then
asking on the sales calls like what was
your journey to stumbling upon us today
and those kind of questions then diving
in a bit deeper if they said like I did
a Google search you might just ask
something like was it only a Google
search or did you do something before
then or was there anything that prompted
you to take the time to fill out our
calendar tool because I know I don't
necessarily take the time to fill out
everyone's inquiry for form so if you're
if you're encouraging your sales team to
dive a bit deeper that's good and then
like you say you can always flag up
certain keywords if they're spoken about
be it on a Gong call recording or
whatever tool recording software you use
so yeah finding ways to track but then
realizing that brand is and B2B
attribution is Messy as anything so it's
uh it's by far perfect but if you're
doing those even there even there right
like it's it's like super hard even then
right like um so for me what is like um
very uh contradicting is like everybody
is saying like hey B2B journey is like
super hard right like it's like
completely um it's it's not linear right
like people keep saying that hey B2B
journey is not linear like it's super
messy and all the stuff but at the same
time people are also like hey you just
ask them on the form and you're relying
on that one answer on the form field to
dictate your entire strategy right like
and it's not like people are remember
the entire Journey either like whatever
comes to their mind at that point is
what they're going to enter over there
so the way I also uh I I think about the
the how did you hear about us field is
like um it might it might not be the
place where they heard about us first
but it is probably the place where uh
they saw us and that is the channel or
that is the whatever Community or
whatever right uh had the most imp in
their minds right because they were able
to remember that right especially for
channels like if where people say
LinkedIn right they might have seen you
on LinkedIn uh we use this uh uh we we
use tool to sort of like uh figure out
like what the journey is a journey has
been for for our prospects uh people
might enter LinkedIn right but I know
they've also seen our our Google ads I
know they also read a blog post I know
they also saw a report that we published
right but they entered LED in because
that's where they saw something that had
an impact in their heads that that made
them remember us so it's it's still like
super tricky I I I I still don't take uh
uh the the answers from from that field
as like hey that's the 100% that's
that's a ultimate source of truth but
that
helps I think that's that's a smart
answer we I've talked about this several
times on on episodes in the past but
we've had people on our forms that have
put how did you hear about us then
they've put LinkedIn or they've put
something else like maybe the email list
and I'll actually ask them when I get
onto the sales call and I'll say oh was
it LinkedIn you found me and they'll be
like no I I listened to your podcast for
like a year and then then I checked out
YouTube then I read an article then it
was actually linked in that I followed
you then I decided to get in touch like
you said it's usually the trigger point
the last point they remember that they
put on the form so yeah going going
deeper using tools to assess and asking
on sales gools and basically doing
everything you can to try and make some
kind of sense of the journey is is a
smart move Okay so we've talked about
mqls
sqls measuring by Channel looking at
what we can basing basing on the sales
Cycles what we can ramp up understanding
what's actually there to to drive sales
pipeline what's there from a brand
perspective um conversion side of thing
so customer CAC customer acquisition
costs so there anything you
recommend bearing in mind customer
acquisition costs and kind of average
contact average contract value every
year is there any metrics we should look
at to see if it kind of balances out and
are there any nuances to
that this there's actually uh um one
thing that I wanted to get talk about uh
related to that right like um because
most of the times marketing is like uh
measured on mqls right um I think the I
think most teams also measure the cost
per mql but I don't see a lot of uh
teams measuring their uh like uh what is
their acceptable cost for mql right um
this is this is like super critical
because you want to make sure your your
cat is low and your acvs are higher and
the easiest way for you to keep your CS
low is to figure that out a lot earlier
right so you need to find what is your
acceptable cost per mql and the easiest
way to do that uh has has always been
for me personally so you have your mql
to close one uh percentage right so
there there's a a percentage for your
mql to close one and what is your ACV
right so you multiply them um so if I
have to give you an example right uh if
your ACV is $10,000 and your mql to
closed one is like super high right like
uh 10% right so now uh your $10,000 into
10% is what ,000 that is your acceptable
cost for mql right now every single
Channel every single campaign that you
run right uh as long if it is an
experimental uh campaign if it's an
experimental Channel then that's fine
right but if you know you have certain
campaigns that have been generating
pipeline that have been driving uh you
know deals for you consistently now it's
uh critical for you to ensure every
single time an mql is generated from
those specific campaigns or channels
it's it's critical uh that they are
below your acceptable cost per n right
because only then now if if you manage
to keep your acceptable cost per mql uh
less than thousand in this in this
example right so if it it's like
$800 it is it is like an easy way for
you to uh proactively know it's leading
indicator for you saying that hey this
is a channel uh where you are generating
quality mqls at a super low uh
cost right and after that it's all about
ensuring either you maintain your other
conversion rates which is your to SQL
SQL to off and and close one that is one
or you try to improve those conversion
rates right so now your C reduces even
further and in in that equation of C to
ACV uh uh right like you you need to
ensure your C is low and your acvs are
higher ideally if your C is lower than
your ACV that's that's the bare minimum
goal that you should be aim for yeah
yeah yeah is there any is there I
appreciate this is going to be nuanced
and this is going to vary depending on
what the offer is the ticket the High
ticket however much the ACV is but is
there like a certain split so for
example I don't know you said for in
that case like we've got a 10K average
contract value and then let's say we our
acceptable mql is is 1K so we've
basically need to close it within an
amount that's less than 10 times that
takes less than 10 mqls to make a one
deal is there like we can accept up to
kind of one what five mqls for one deal
like is there like an acceptance rate if
that makes sense IE we want to make 50%
as a margin so we've got maybe we spent
5K to acquire that customer the average
contract value is 10K so that's that's
an acceptable closed one we've made a a
2X margin if that makes sense I I think
uh uh from what I've seen I think most
people would kill for that kind of
conversion B right like if if you have
if if you uh if you have an ACV of 10K
and you have you have a c of um 55,000
$5,000 I think most people would would
kill for it but I think uh adding adding
to an already complex equation that you
already have right the LTV over here is
also like super important right like you
can't have you can't acquire a customer
for
$5,000 uh and say that ACV is $10,000
but if they're going to uh and and if
they didn't sign an annual contract if
they're still on a monthly contract and
if they churn after two or three months
that's like you you've lost money there
right you've spent
$5,000 to acquire them but uh they've
given you uh what 10,000 divided by
three and like super bad 3,000 3,000
yeah 3,333 I think yeah they you spent
5,000 and they given you they've given
back only
3,333 right and they've churned all
right uh so that's bad right so you have
to add the LTV also to the equation for
you to make sense of okay hey is this
going in the right got it understood
yeah so taking take into account the
lifetime value of a customer and bearing
mind some some may turn depending on
contracts G CLA and stuff but I think
that acceptable cost per mql marketing
qualified lead is smart because then you
can get a basis from those other perhaps
performance-based channels be it paid
search or SAR you can understand what's
acceptable and then grow out from there
based on what you're experimenting with
cool this has been a this has been a
math math lesson for
me and and if you can if you can uh
manage to do this channel by Channel and
for each Channel if you have like
multiple campaigns and if you can do
this for each campaign now you know
exactly what's working and what's not
working but probably of course for
certain things like uh direct Channel
you know the the obvious channels where
it's it's hard to measure that's like
super hard where uh you don't know
what's working right it's or at least
it's it's hard to pinpoint what's
working and what's not working um so
yeah cool man well let um before we wrap
things up it' be interesting I'm sure
our audience would be Keen to know any
marketing channels that perhaps have
been successful for you in the past 12
months or so and if you're open to it
maybe any that you thought would work
well but perhaps were were
fails yeah um so I think
um uh I think the of course like uh
certain like most for like for most B2B
companies right I think uh today
LinkedIn has been like a super uh
incredible channel for us right uh just
from a pure pipeline driving pipeline
perspective uh it's it's been amazing
for us uh and uh from a from a pure
brand perspective
uh again lyen communities all these have
been like super helpful for us right
like because uh this there's something I
don't know what the what the product
managers at LinkedIn are doing but
there's something about it that's like
helping a ton of B2B marketers uh and I
hope it continues I know uh they might
change algorithms and stuff but I hope
they don't touch it um and in terms of
channels that we thought would work but
did not um
what was pretty surprising personally
for me was Facebook and Instagram as
Channel didn't work well for us because
for me personally I know I know um many
marketers say hey it doesn't work for
B2B in in the B2B context but in my
previous role uh in uh it worked like
amazing it was like the best performing
channel for us right and so when I
joined Revenue hero that was the first
thing I wanted to experiment right uh we
experimented on that we got some uh good
deals from there but uh it just didn't
uh convert further down uh further down
in the cycle right so uh that was pretty
surprising for me um so yeah what was it
like low low cost per mql for for the F
social leads but they just for the
Facebook and insta leads but they just
weren't converting on the back end yeah
uh they were actually pretty good uh uh
deals right it was not it wasn't even uh
it wasn't even like uh they were like
junk junk deals or things like that it
was from companies that we know are B2B
companies we know they're using uh uh
you know the CRM tools that we support
and all that stuff but uh a lot of folks
just didn't have the the kind of intent
that the other channels uh probably give
you right because I this is this this is
my my hypothesis and this how uh we
concluded it right uh because Facebook
as a channel Facebook and Instagram as a
channel like people are just scrolling
through uh right it's not like like
you're you're you're you're you're in
the bed um you know just about to go to
sleep but just keep scrolling your
Instagram uh just before going to bed
right so it's there there's no intent
over there it's hard to measure intent
at that point as well um so uh people
saw our ads they clicked on it they
found it interesting sure they were they
were like yeah sure me try it out uh but
there was no obvious intent for them to
okay hey I need this now right like uh
measuring that was like super hard uh
for us to say okay hey this as a channel
can wrve consistent pipeline for us
right um so what ended up happening was
we had a lot of no shows um uh over a
period of time we also figured out that
um sure the company might have been like
large enough but uh uh like they had a
lot of complexities and that sort of
stuff right so it just uh wasn't the
right channel for us at that point I I
haven't tested it out in the last six or
seven months yet so we might we might do
that test again uh one one Theory uh is
also that maybe it's it's a good channel
to stay top of mind right uh from a B2B
context um it's a good channel to stay
top of mind and then try to to uh you
know win them back uh that sort of stuff
I know the folks at
metadata have like an extensive report
around like how uh you know Facebook and
Instagram as Channel Works uh and all
that but uh sadly it hasn't worked for
Reven hero yet U maybe it will uh but
yeah let's see interesting to know
appreciate you sharing now the the
LinkedIn ads that you are seeing or the
LinkedIn Channel you are seeing success
with is that LinkedIn ads behind uh the
company page to Target ICP is there like
any flow that that you're doing that's a
bit different or is it quite a
straightforward
campaign I think one of the things that
uh uh that we're doing a little bit
differently uh is
we my demand marketer right like he he
has this like super cool uh thought
process um so you you have this cold
layer right like I'm sure everybody
everyone who who does LinkedIn as does
this they have a cold layer yes but uh
what we also do is we then split them
based on engagement right so you have a
cold layer and then now you run it for a
few weeks a month uh right and then
you're like okay hey uh how many of
these people that we run ads to how many
of them engage and what is their
engagement rate like right is it like
LinkedIn gives you this analytics of
like is it high very high medium low
very low that sort of stuff so now you
segment them based on this engagement uh
data that you have and run very specific
creatives based on that engagement uh uh
based on that engagement data that you
have right so uh the creatives change
based on the engagement uh data um the
kind of offer that we give them are
differ and all that stuff so I think I
think that's that's pretty unique I
don't see a lot of folks talking about
it at least on LinkedIn um it's mostly
hey have a cold layer run ad for them um
after uh after after a month uh create
multiple layers of
retargeting um yes we we also have a
retargeting layer on top of that as well
but it's all B on the engagement uh data
that lindin is providing us got it
that's useful that's be useful for
marketers uh dabbling in the world of
LinkedIn ads like you say there's
there's a lot you've only got to scroll
your LinkedIn feed if you're connected
to Tech marketers in the B2B space and
there's all kinds of conflicting advice
on LinkedIn ads be it no more lead gen
forms or how dare you put a CTA for
requested demo on your ad so it's it's
useful to know what's working for
someone who's actually in the trenches
before we wrap things up for cash is
there anything when it comes to actually
we've talked a lot about
metrics channels what's working for you
folks anything B2B marketers should
consider when it comes to their website
to ensure it's actually going to drive
qualified pipelines for
sales yeah um uh I think I I think I I
spoke a lot about it right like uh uh
what's a campaign and a channel that's
that's uh driving conversions for you uh
has a super uh quick sales cycle right
um and I think the so so we we recently
did this report right and it was was
super interesting for me personally um
so we we requested demos on, B2B
websites um 635 of them did not respond
to us right
uh they they we waited for a month uh
they did not respond right so we did not
get any responses from 635 B2B websites
that that was like crazy for me and of
the 365 that did respond their average
uh time to respond back to us was like
one day five hours uh I think 17 minutes
right and that's like super long right
like for most most folks who are you
know like looking to uh evaluate your
product or your solution your services
most of them have done their uh research
right like they they' they've seen your
website they've uh know senior ads uh
today especially people are talking and
asking questions about you in multiple
communities right so they they've heard
something about you uh from the peers
all they want at this point when they
requested demo is um obviously they want
to see the product uh right if there's
no uh if there's no trial or anything of
the sort um they would love to see your
product and they obviously have some
questions
uh uh about the product about the
process and all this stuff right so uh
at this point you the the only thing
when they requested a demo is to make
sure you are able to put them in touch
with your sales rep at that instant
right so you want to make sure you have
some form of scheduler uh I know um like
we sponsoring this and all the stuff but
uh it's it just makes sense right like
people want people are coming to you
saying that hey I want a demo of your
product why wouldn't you let them talk
to your sales rep right like why
wouldn't you let them uh you know uh
schedule a demo with your sales at that
point uh so that that feels like a super
low hanging fruit for most folks right
and uh and again going back to the the
sales cycle right it's like instead of
going through that email ping pong of
like hey are you available this time are
you available at that time and all the
stuff uh it's just one click for your
prospects right it's a good buying
experience for them as well so yeah yeah
man we're we're on the same page I mean
we're even a a service provider not
necessarily A SAS tool but we're we're
still the same we want to make it easy
for for folks that visit our website to
to book time with us and and not mess
around and like you say like we've
interviewed probably 350 or so B2B
marketing execs on this show and
Founders and pretty much what you so
resonates so most of those have told me
that if they're landing on a B2B site
they want it to load quickly they want
to quickly see exactly what you do or
how you help or the problem you
fix understand the product in action so
whether that's screenshots a demo
product tour whatever they want to see
how much it costs they want to check
they can actually afford your offer see
some kind of pricing there they want to
check some proof of results case studies
testimonials review videos
accreditations G2 badges Etc they want
to get some of their questions answered
so maybe you've got FAQ section on your
service Pages product pages Etc and if
you check all those boxes which isn't a
big thing to ask like you mentioned
there they want to make a nice and easy
way for them to book time with a sale
with a sales expert and not go through
that annoying back and forth or being
qualified via email with 105 questions
just just make it easy for them because
after all we we just get annoyed it's
not going to take much for us to get
frustrated and head to a competitor
that's going to be willing to be
transparent and give us a better
experience so appreciate you coming on V
cash appreciate you sharing this your
wisdom in the trench of B2B marketing
with myself and and the audience with
that please do you've alluded it to
there but please do tell us more about
haveone tuning in can can learn about
yourself how they can get in touch with
you Revenue
hero yeah um you can search for me uh on
LinkedIn I'm I'm super active I respond
to uh pretty much everyone uh you can
search for uh my name vikash Kik uh if
you want to get in touch and and uh yeah
check out Revenue hero it's revenu
hero.io uh if you have any questions uh
just drop me a message uh happy to
clarify anything uh that might have been
confusing maybe I confused uh um I
probably went a bit too fast maybe I
confuse some of you uh yeah if you have
any questions uh shoot me a shot me a
DM cool man I appreciate you coming on
the show thanks very much thanks thanks
a lot Sam I had I had a lot of fun no
worries man we got to give a big shout
out not just to revenue hero but also
factors AI appreciate them both for
sponsoring today's episode and as always
if you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past episodes The Daily
newsletter then head over to Breaking
bb.com to check that all out and with
that we should catch you on the next one
for more nobs actionable B2B marketing
tips I appreciate you tuning in
[Music]